Document updates to Indiv Other Income (#212)
hmrc/income-tax-mtd-changelog: README.md

**Note:** The date shown is the date that the change was released to Sandbox or Production.

---

### 15 May 2024 

The following change is now available in Sandbox.

#### Individuals Other Income API 

Existing API version 1.0 updated with the following changes.

> ##### Added

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Fixed
```

Create and Amend Other Income endpoint:

> Added validation for `postCessationReceipts` parameters in `TY 2023-24 or later` schema:
> - `amount`:
>     - values cannot be negative
> - `taxYearIncomeToBeTaxed`:
>     - format must be YYYY-YY
>     - range must be exactly one year
>     - minimum year 2010, maximum year 2099 

Reviewer: I don't think we need to spell out or repeat the actual validation here (single source of truth).

```suggestion
Added missing validation for the following `postCessationReceipts` fields in the `TY 2023-24 or later` schema as per the API documentation:
- `amount`
- `taxYearIncomeToBeTaxed`
```
